rework vpc cni envvar logic to drop the forced keys (#3681)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws: docs/book/src/topics/eks/pod-networking.md

## Using the VPC CNI Addon
You can use an explicit version of the Amazon VPC CNI by using the **vpc-cni** EKS addon. See the [addons](./addons.md) documentation for further details of how to use addons.

## Using Custom VPC CNI Configuration

> If your use case demands [custom networking](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cni-custom-network.html) VPC CNI configuration you might already be familiar with the [helm chart](https://github.com/aws/amazon-vpc-cni-k8s) which helps with the process. This gives you access to ENI Configs and you can set Environment Variables on the `aws-node` daemonset where the VPC CNI runs. The Cluster API Provider is able to tune the same daemonset through the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your use case demands [custom networking](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cni-custom-network.html) VPC CNI configuration you might already be familiar with the [helm chart](https://github.com/aws/amazon-vpc-cni-k8s) which helps with the process. This gives you access to ENI Configs and you can set Environment Variables on the `aws-node` DaemonSet where the VPC CNI runs. CAPA is able to tune the same DaemonSet through Kubernetes.
```

> The following example shows how to turn on custom network config and set a [label definition](https://github.com/aws/amazon-vpc-cni-k8s#eni_config_label_def).

Reviewer: > [label definition]

Am I missing something here? These are environment properties that we are setting not labels. Right? :D

Author: label definition is what they call that setting it's what they use to look up nodes by label and do whatever it is they do. that's why i linked to the helm chart docs to show people what im referencing.

Reviewer: Very weird stuff.

Author: networkin' aint easy
